Please Enter your name: Hitain Kakkar

Hey there, Adventurer!

In a world filled with sweetness and wonder, Manas and Manmohan have an extraordinary mission for you.
They have decided to send delectable treats to friends scattered across the globe and
have handpicked his most valiant and trusted envoy - none other than you, the legendary Hitain Kakkar!

Your quest is to embark on a tantalizing journey, delivering these mouthwatering delights to every corner of the world.   

But that's not all! Once you've completed your mission and returned to the legendary Nagarro's Headquarters,
an incredible surprise awaits you, courtesy of Manas and Manmohan themselves.
 WARNING - Don't go to Headquarters without completing the task
Buckle up, brave traveler, for a delicious and daring adventure awaits! Best of luck on your sweet expedition!

Moves:  'go {direction}' (travel north, south, east, or west)
        'put {company_code}' (to add code to the list of delivered sweets and mark as delivered.)

Press any key to continue...

You are in the Sweets Shop
Delivered list : []
---------------------------
Enter your move:
go east


You are in the Ratan Naval Tata
Delivered list : []
---------------------------
You travel East
You see a Tata
Enter your move:
go east


You are in the Nagarro Headquaters
Delivered list : []
---------------------------
You travel East
Dr. Manas Human    - Yahan se pachas pachas kos door gaon mein … jab koi new project aata hai, toh maa kehti hai bete nagarro ke pass chala … chala ja nahi toh ye project deploy nahi ho paega

Dr. Manmohan Gupta - Itna bharosa kiya , phir bhi waapas aagaye... tofe vapis leke aa gae...Kya samaz kar aaye the? Sardar bahot kush hoga? Sabasi dega?

Dr. Manas Human    - Tera kya hoga Hitain Kakkar?

Hitain Kakkar: Sardar...maine aapka namak khaya hai?

Gabbar: To ab goli khaa...

Hitain Kakkar: Bhaaaag Dhanno bhaag aaj Hitain Kakkar ki izzat ka sawal hai
 OPPS!! YOU ARE DEAD